<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossgroup PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Group//EN" "glossgroup.dtd">
<glossgroup id="air-common_glossary">
    <title><keyword keyref="k_kw_air-company-name-abbrev"/> EES Glossary</title>
    <prolog>
        <foreign>
            <shortdesc>Glossary terms for <keyword keyref="k_kw_air-company-name-abbrev"/> Extreme
                Event Solutions (EES).</shortdesc>
        </foreign>
    </prolog>
    <!--This topic requires air-common_glossary/keys_glossdefs.ditamap for the internal <term> references to work.-->
    <!--
     <glossentry id="gloss_bbb">
        <glossterm>ttt</glossterm>
        <glossdef>mmmm</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>xxx (yyy)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="yyy">
                <glossAcronym>yyy</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>

 -->

    <glossentry id="gloss_activeLayers">
        <glossterm>active layer</glossterm>
        <glossdef>An active layer is the layer currently visible and enabled in the pane.This can be
            a map, program, or portfolio layer.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_activityMonitor">
        <glossterm>Activity Monitor</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A feature that allows you to view and manage activities such as import, export,
            and loss analysis.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_activityStatus">
        <glossterm>activity status</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The state of any activity in the <term keyref="gloss_activityMonitor"
            />.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_additionalLivingExpenses">
        <glossterm>additional living expenses</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Loss of use, or time element for residential properties that are not inhabitable.
            Relocation and temporary lodging costs are considered. Coverage D.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>additional living expenses (ALE)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="ALF">
                <glossAcronym>ALE</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_adjustmentFactor">
        <glossterm>adjustment factor</glossterm>
        <glossdef><p>A numerical value or percentage applied to a base analysis to refine the
                predicted outcomes. </p>Adjustment factors can be cumulative. You can customize them
            in your analysis by compensating for variations in company, program, and exposure
            data.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_advancedLossModification">
        <glossterm>advanced loss modification</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A function that applies customizations to a loss analysis.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>advanced loss modification (ALM)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="ALM">
                <glossAcronym>ALM</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_aggregateAnalyis">
        <glossterm>aggregate analysis</glossterm>
        <glossdef>An analysis of evaluating the total risk across a portfolio, region, or group of
            aggregate exposures such as market shares or sums insured by subarea and line of
            business.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_aggregateExcessOfLoss">
        <glossterm>aggregate excess of loss</glossterm>
        <glossdef>
            <p>A reinsurance program in which a reinsurer indemnifies the ceding company for that
                portion of the loss that exceeds the limit of its own retention for a given
                year.</p>
        </glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>aggregate excess of loss (XOL)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="XOL">
                <glossAcronym>XOL</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_aggregateExposure">
        <glossterm>aggregate exposure</glossterm>
        <glossdef>An exposure expressed as some sort of aggregate value, as in sums insured,
            premiums, number of risks, rates, payroll, market shares, loss market shares, and custom
            LOB, rather than by individual contract terms or replacement values.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_aggregateLimit">
        <glossterm>aggregate limit</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The maximum loss that can be incurred by a layer across all occurrences within
            each year.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_aggregateLoss">
        <glossterm>aggregate loss</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The loss resulting from all events that occurred during a specified period.
        </glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_aggregateLossDistribution">
        <glossterm>aggregate loss distribution</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Aggregate loss distributed over a 12-month period.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_alf">
        <glossterm>aggregated loss file</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A binary file that contains event-level loss data consolidated by country. It is a
            vehicle for sending loss data on your book or portions of your book to retrocessionaires
            for pricing.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>Aggregated loss file (ALF)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="ALF">
                <glossAcronym>ALF</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_aggregateRetention">
        <glossterm>aggregate retention</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The value below which the year's total occurrence losses (otherwise recoverable)
            are not assumed by the layer. Applicable only to ground-up, quota share, aggregate
            excess of loss, and catastrophe bond programs.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_alert">
        <glossterm><keyword keyref="k_kw_previous-company-name-abbrev"/> loss estimates in real
            time</glossterm>
        <glossdef>An online service providing up-to-date information and loss estimates for natural
            catastrophes worldwide.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm><keyword keyref="k_kw_previous-company-name-abbrev"/> Loss Estimates
                in Real Time (ALERT)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="ALERT">
                <glossAcronym>ALERT</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_alertData">
        <glossterm><keyword keyref="k_kw_air-product-name_alert"/> data</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Data that is supplied by <keyword keyref="k_kw_air-company-name-full"/>'s ALERT™
                (<keyword keyref="k_kw_air-company-name-abbrev"/> Loss Estimates in Real Time)
            online service which provides up-to-date information and loss estimates for major
            natural catastrophes worldwide.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_s3">
        <glossterm>Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3)</glossterm>
        <glossdef>An object storage service in which customers can store data and pay for the
            service based on usage.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_aws">
        <glossterm>Amazon Web Services</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>Amazon Web Services (AWS)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="AWS">
                <glossAcronym>AWS</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_amBest">
        <glossterm>A.M. Best premium database</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A database that contains reinsurance information you can use to derive and
            calculate market shares. To produce the database, A.M. Best compiles data from the
            year-end annual reports of more than 2,000 companies.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_analyzeRe">
        <glossterm><keyword keyref="k_kw_analyze-re-company-name"/></glossterm>
        <glossdef><xref href="http://www.verisk.com/" format="html" scope="external">Verisk</xref>'s
            software analytics suite designed for the reinsurance and insurance industries. The
                <keyword keyref="k_kw_analyze-re-company-name"/> suite takes loss data in a variety
            of forms and allows for visual mapping of that loss and its analysis through tables,
            charts and similar analysis tools. </glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_annualAggregateLimit" product="catrader">
        <glossterm>annual aggregate limit</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The maximum loss that a layer can incur for all occurrences within a 12-month
            period.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_annualAggregateLoss">
        <glossterm>annual aggregate loss</glossterm>
        <glossdef>
            <p>The loss resulting from all events that occurred during a contract period (12 months
                is most common). It is calculated by dividing the sum of all losses in a simulation
                by the total simulation years.</p>
        </glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>annual aggregate loss (AAL)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="AAL">
                <glossAcronym>AAL</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_airCloud">
        <glossterm>AIR Cloud</glossterm>
        <glossdef><keyword keyref="k_kw_air-company-name-abbrev"/>'s <term id="gloss_cloud"
                >cloud</term> branded product used by clients to host application environments on
            the instance on the <term id="gloss_aws">AWS</term>.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_analyzere">
        <glossterm>Analyze Re</glossterm>
        <glossdef>​<keyword keyref="k_kw_air-company-name-abbrev"/>​'s software analytics suite
            designed for the reinsurance and insurance industries. The ​Analyze Re​​ suite takes
            loss data in a variety of forms and allows for visual mapping of that loss and its
            analysis through tables, charts, and similar analysis tools. </glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_annualAggLossDist">
        <glossterm>annual aggregate loss distribution</glossterm>
        <glossdef>An aggregate loss distributed over the 12 month period. The annual aggregate loss
            distribution shows the probability distribution of annual aggregate losses.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_annualAggregateRetention">
        <glossterm>annual aggregate retention</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The annual aggregate retention is a value below which the total losses for a
            12-month period are not assumed by the layer.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_annualOccurenceLoss">
        <glossterm>annual occurrence loss</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The largest loss resulting from all events that occurred during a 12-month period.
            Used in reinsurance and can apply to a risk, policy, company, or contract.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_annualOcclossdist">
        <glossterm>annual occurrence loss distribution</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The occurrence loss distributed over a 12-month period. The annual aggregate
            occurrence distribution shows the probability distribution of annual occurrence
            losses.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_applnServers">
        <glossterm>application server</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A server that hosts applications or software that delivers a business application
            through a communication protocol. </glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_appliesToAreas">
        <glossterm>applies to areas</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A parameter used by the application to filter by geographic area(s) and define
            where layer terms are applied. In the case of pro rata treaties; this also defines the
            percent ceded in each geographic area covered by the treaty.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_appliesToEvents">
        <glossterm>applies to events</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A parameter used by the application to filter events. The feature allows you to
            manage which events should be considered in a contract analysis based on an event
            parameter, peril, location, and/or condition. Event filtering includes specifying rules
            and locations.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_area">
        <glossterm>area</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A geographic location that is at a higher geographic resolution than a subarea.
            Areas are defined using the <term keyref="gloss_fips"/> or <term keyref="gloss_unicede"
            /> standards.
            <!--For the United States, <keyword keyref="k_kw_air-company-name-abbrev"/> uses the
                <keyword keyref="k_kw_air-company-name-abbrev"/>- <xref
                keyref="k_help_tsre_ref_fips">FIPS</xref> scheme to classify areas and subareas;
            states are areas, and counties are subareas. For other countries, <keyword
                keyref="k_kw_air-company-name-abbrev"/> uses the <xref
                keyref="k_help_tsre_ref_unicede"><keyword keyref="k_kw_air-terminology_unicede"
                /></xref> standard. For more information, see <xref href="http://www.unicede.com"
                format="html" scope="external"/>.--></glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_areaDetail">
        <glossterm>area detail</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Indicates the level of geographic resolution to be used when analyzing this
            program. Can be either high (subarea) or low (area).</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_assessment">
        <glossterm>assessment</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A fee imposed on members of an insurance association for certain qualifying
            events.<!-- <p>Agencies which impose these fees include the Florida Commission (<xref
                    href="https://www.sbafla.com/method/Home.aspx" format="html" scope="external"
                    >FLCM</xref>) on Hurricane Loss Projection Methodology, the California
                Earthquake Authority (<xref href="https://www.earthquakeauthority.com/"
                    format="html" scope="external">CEA</xref>), the Texas Windstorm Insurance
                Association (<xref href="https://www.twia.org/" format="html" scope="external"
                    >TWIA</xref>), and the South Carolina Wind and Hail Underwriting Association
                    (<xref href="http://www.scwind.com/index.dital" format="html" scope="external"
                    >SCWHUA</xref>).</p>--></glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_avgAnnualLoss">
        <glossterm>average annual loss</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The average loss across all simulated years in a loss analysis.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_baseMaps">
        <glossterm>base maps</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Maps used in the application to provide a geographic setting for your exposure
            data.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_bins">
        <glossterm>Building Identification Numbering System</glossterm>
        <glossdef><ph keyref="k_kw_air-company-name-full"/> BINS are IDs which insurers and
            reinsurers use to identify whether an address represents a building, a unit in a
            building, a site, or a campus.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>Building Identification Numbering System (BINS)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="BINS">
                <glossAcronym>BINS</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_blanketLimit">
        <glossterm>blanket limit</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A single limit that applies to multiple locations in a contract. </glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_businessInteruption">
        <glossterm>business interruption</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Loss of use or time element for non-residential structures. Business interruption
            losses are based on the expected number of days that a building is unusable. </glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_catalogType">
        <glossterm>catalog type</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Catalogs are lists of events used to calculate potential loss. Common catalog
            types include <term keyref="gloss_stc"/>, <term keyref="gloss_hist"/>, and <term
                keyref="gloss_realisticDisasterScenarios"/>. </glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_catBond">
        <glossterm>catastrophe bond</glossterm>
        <glossdef><!--Catastrophe bonds, also called cat bonds, are an example of insurance
            securitization, creating--> Risk-linked securities which transfer a specific set
            of risks <!--(typically catastrophe and natural disaster risks)--> from
            <!--an issuer or sponsor (--> a ceding company to capital market investors for a
            specific rate of return. </glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>catastrophe bond (CATbond)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="CATbond">
                <glossAcronym>CATbond</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_catastropheExcessOfLoss">
        <glossterm>catastrophe excess of loss</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A <term id="gloss_reinsuranceProgram">reinsurance program</term> in which the
            ceding company is indemnified for the portion of the loss that exceeds the limit of its
            own retention per event.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>catastrophe excess of loss (XOL)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="XOL">
                <glossAcronym>XOL</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_cede">
        <glossterm>Catastrophe Exposure Data Exchange</glossterm>
        <glossdef> An open data format to facilitate accurate and transparent data exchange
            throughout the insurance industry. </glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>Catastrophe Exposure Data Exchange (CEDE)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="CEDE">
                <glossAcronym>CEDE</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_cededPercentage">
        <glossterm>ceded percentage</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The portions of the obligations in an insurance company’s policy portfolio
            transferred to a reinsurer.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_client">
        <glossterm>client</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A device that communicates with a server, such as a desktop computer, laptop,
            smart phone, or network-compatible device.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_cloud">
        <glossterm>cloud</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A network of remote servers that operate as a single ecosystem.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_cloudNative">
        <glossterm>cloud native</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Describes applications designed to run on the cloud, rather than on-premises
            networks.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_clusters">
        <glossterm>cluster</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A group of districts within a state in India, used by the Indian crop insurance
            market.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_coinsurance">
        <glossterm>coinsurance</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The portion of the losses to a layer covered by a reinsurer. Where coinsurance and
            gross/net participation are all specified, the participation % is applied to the
            treaty’s share of coinsured losses.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_csv">
        <glossterm>comma-separated value</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A simple text file that stores data in columns separated by commas.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>comma-separated value (CSV)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="CSV">
                <glossAcronym>CSV</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_companyLoss">
        <glossterm>company loss</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The loss a company is estimated to have from an event, excluding any
            program/treaty terms. </glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_companyLossAssociation">
        <glossterm>company loss association</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The result of a detailed loss analysis associated with a cedant company. The
            results are saved at (sub)area and LOB resolution and may contain one or more
            perspectives.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>company loss association (CLA)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="CLA">
                <glossAcronym>CLA</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_clf">
        <glossterm>company loss file</glossterm>
        <glossdef><ph id="gloss_clf_def">Files that contain losses by line of business, area, and
                subarea for each event. They are used in aggregate analyses. </ph></glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>company loss file (CLF)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="CLF">
                <glossAcronym>CLF</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_companyLossMax">
        <glossterm>company loss maximum</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A trigger that excludes occurrences from consideration in a loss calculation. If
            the company loss is above the company loss maximum value, then the loss value of the
            occurrence is set to zero.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_companyLossMin">
        <glossterm>company loss minimum</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A trigger which excludes occurrences from consideration in a loss calculation. If
            the company loss is below the company loss minimum value, then the loss value of the
            occurrence is set to zero.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_companyMarketShares">
        <glossterm>company market share</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A percentage indicating the amount of the total insured property covered by a
            specified company in a certain geographic area/subarea and line of business.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_coverageCorrelation">
        <glossterm>coverage correlation</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Measures the extent to which the losses for the coverages associated with a single
            location are dependent on each other.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_csa">
        <glossterm>client server architecture</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A computing model in which one or more client computers are connected to a central
            server over a network or internet connection. The server hosts, delivers, and manages
            most of the client’s resources and services.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>client server architecture (CSA)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="CSA">
                <glossAcronym>CSA</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>


    <glossentry id="gloss_comonotonicDistribution">
        <glossterm>comonotonic distribution</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Comonotonic distribution methodology where loss distributions are aggregated
            assuming that losses are maximally correlated.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>


    <glossentry id="gloss_construction">
        <glossterm>construction</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A class of code that identifies the primary type of construction for a location,
            such as wood frame or reinforced concrete.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>


    <glossentry id="gloss_contractGain">
        <glossterm>contract gain</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A contract gain is an adjustment associated with portfolio analyses.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_contract">
        <glossterm>contract</glossterm>
        <glossdef>An insurance policy.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_contractLosses">
        <glossterm>contract loss</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Loss attributed to individual reinsurance contracts. </glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_convolution">
        <glossterm>convolution</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Convolution is a methodology where loss distributions are aggregated assuming that
            losses are completely independent from each other.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_cores">
        <glossterm>core</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A processor in a computer that executes programs.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_coverage">
        <glossterm>coverage</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A component of insurable property that describes what the insurance policy covers.
        </glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_coverageAmount">
        <glossterm>coverage amount</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A value that denotes coverage-specific deductibles and limits. It can be specified
            as whole numbers or as a percentage of insured/replacement value.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_coveragePercentage">
        <glossterm>coverage percentage</glossterm>
        <glossdef>See <term keyref="gloss_coverageAmount"/>.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_coverageRate">
        <glossterm>coverage rate</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The percentage of company loss of a particular <term id="gloss_LOB">LOB</term> to
            consider when applying financial terms.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_creps">
        <glossterm>creps</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A retired <keyword keyref="k_kw_air-product-name_touchstone-re"/>
            feature.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_cresta">
        <glossterm>CRESTA</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A geographical data aggregation system that defines country-specific zones. It is
            used to manage and report on exposure data.
            <!-- usually relating to natural hazards.<keyword keyref="k_kw_air-terminology_cresta"/>
            assignments are used throughout the world by the insurance industry and other
            organizations involved in risk management.--></glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>Catastrophe Risk Evaluation and Standardizing Target Accumulations
                (CRESTA)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="CRESTA">
                <glossAcronym>CRESTA</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_cropSeason">
        <glossterm>crop season</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The period in which a specific crop or group of crops are planted and
            harvested.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_damageFactors">
        <glossterm>damage factor</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Damage factors applied to catastrophe models customize losses based on the
            experiences of a company.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_dbeaver">
        <glossterm>DBeaver</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A third-party database tool application.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_deductible">
        <glossterm>deductible</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The amount of loss retained by the insured; also called <term
                keyref="gloss_aggregateRetention"/>.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_demandSurge">
        <glossterm>demand surge</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A multiplicative factor used to account for the effects of short-term inflation in
            the prices of labor and materials following a catastrophe.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_detailedexposure">
        <glossterm>detailed exposure</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A list of specific policies and locations, with location attributes such as
            construction/occupancy, year built, and replacement cost by coverage. Contrasts with
                <term keyref="gloss_aggregateExposure"/>.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_dlf">
        <glossterm>detailed loss file</glossterm>
        <glossdef>An encrypted file that contains company losses by geographic area and line of
            business for each simulated event.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>detailed loss file (DLF)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="DLF">
                <glossAcronym>DLF</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_deterministicEvent">
        <glossterm>deterministic event</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A catastrophic event with predefined characteristics, typically used to assess
            potential losses. There is no probability distribution for deterministic
            events.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_disaggregation">
        <glossterm>disaggregation</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The process of distributing aggregate exposure data from a coarse resolution to a
            finer resolution; more suitable for detailed catastrophe modeling.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_elt">
        <glossterm>event loss tables</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The format used to transfer loss files from <keyword
                keyref="k_kw_air-product-name_touchstone-re"/> to <keyword
                keyref="k_kw_analyze-re-company-name"/></glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>event loss tables (ELT)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="ELT">
                <glossAcronym>ELT</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_emf">
        <glossterm>event mapping files</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Files used to map events between versions of select U.S. models.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>event mapping files (EMF)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="EMF">
                <glossAcronym>EMF</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_epicenter">
        <glossterm>epicenter</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The location on the earth’s surface directly above the point of an earthquake's
            initial rupture.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_eventSet">
        <glossterm>event set</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The set of loss files used in a detailed or aggregate loss analysis.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_eventCharacteristics">
        <glossterm>event characteristic</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A variable that describes an aspect of an event.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_exceedanceProbability">
        <glossterm>exceedance probability</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A set of probabilities and return periods that appear in loss analysis results.
            Also see <term keyref="gloss_exceedanceProbabilityCurve"/>.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>exceedance probability (EP)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="EP">
                <glossAcronym>EP</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_exceedanceProbabilityCurve">
        <glossterm>exceedance probability curve</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The probability that various levels of loss will be exceeded in a given year. An
            EP curve is the foundation upon which insurers estimate their likelihood of experiencing
            various levels of loss.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>exceedance probability (EP) curve</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="EPcurve">
                <glossAcronym>EP curve</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_exceedanceProbabilitySecondaryUncertainty">
        <glossterm>exceedance probability with secondary uncertainty curve</glossterm>
        <glossdef>An <term keyref="gloss_exceedanceProbabilityCurve"/> (EP curve) that samples from
            other points along an event’s probability distribution to derive a secondary view of
            risk.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>exceedance probability with secondary uncertainty (EPSU)
                curve</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="EPSUcurve">
                <glossAcronym>EPSU curve</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_ev">
        <glossterm>expected value</glossterm>
        <glossdef>See <term keyref="gloss_annualAggregateLoss"/></glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>expected value (EV)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="EV">
                <glossAcronym>EV</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_evi">
        <glossterm>EVI file</glossterm>
        <glossdef>An application-generated text file that includes information to communicate loss
            information between the application and the associated company loss file.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_evt">
        <glossterm>extreme value theory file</glossterm>
        <glossdef>An index of the events in a single <term keyref="gloss_industryLossFile"/> or
                <term keyref="gloss_clf"/>. This index allows the application to quickly locate data
            records for a particular event.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>extreme value theory (EVT) file</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt>
                <glossAcronym>EVT</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>


    <glossentry id="gloss_ep">
        <glossterm>exceedance probability</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A set of probabilities and return periods that appear in loss analysis
            results.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>exceedance probability (EP)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="EP">
                <glossAcronym>EP</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_epAdjust">
        <glossterm>exceedance probability adjustment</glossterm>
        <glossdef>An adjustment made to an <term id="gloss_exceedanceProbability">EP</term> curve at
            the program level based on user knowledge of loss experience for a particular
            model.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_epValues">
        <glossterm>exceedance probability values</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Values assigned to a distribution of points (e.g., year, return period, event
            ID).</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_excessCoverage">
        <glossterm>excess coverage</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Layers of coverage written above the primary coverage because more capacity is
            required.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_expectedLoss">
        <glossterm>expected loss</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The percentage of loss each bond/layer is expected to incur in any given
            year.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_expirationDate">
        <glossterm>expiration date</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Expiration date is the last day on which coverage for a treaty is
            effective.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_exposureAdjustFactor">
        <glossterm>exposure adjustment factor</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The adjustment factor used to modify company exposures by <term
                keyref="gloss_lineOfBusiness"/>.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_exposureData">
        <glossterm>exposure data</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A generic term that refers to any exposed risk (buildings, cars, offshore rigs,
            employees) and its associated characteristics, such as address, construction/occupancy,
            and the values. </glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_emm">
        <glossterm>Exposure Management Module</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A <keyword keyref="k_kw_air-product-name_touchstone-re"/> feature that was later
            renamed as <term id="gloss_advancedLossModification">Advanced Loss Modification</term>. </glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>Exposure Management Module (EMM)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="EMM">
                <glossAcronym>EMM</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_xol">
        <glossterm>excess of loss</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Losses paid that exceed a specific amount up to a specified limit. Types of excess
            of loss reinsurance include per risk, catastrophe, per policy, per occurrence, and
            aggregate.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>excess of loss (XOL)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="XOL">
                <glossAcronym>XOL</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_epc">
        <glossterm>exceedance probability (EP) curve</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A curve that shows the probability of experiencing different levels of financial
            loss. The curve can help you determine the amount of risk to retain or cede.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_exposure">
        <glossterm>exposure</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Item of value at risk (e.g., a house); unit of measurement for risk</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_exposureSet">
        <glossterm>exposure set</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A discrete set of related exposure entities, such as locations and contracts, and
            their related financial terms.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_exposureSummary">
        <glossterm>exposure summary</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A compiled set of summary information about a group of exposures, either an
            exposure set or an exposure view. </glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_exposureView">
        <glossterm>exposure view</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A user-defined logical view of one or more exposure sets, with optional
            filters.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_eds">
        <glossterm>extreme disaster scenarios</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Unlikely but scientifically plausible scenarios that cannot be captured by
            standard stochastic modeling techniques.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>Extreme Disaster Scenarios (EDS)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="EDS">
                <glossAcronym>EDS</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_facultativeReinsurance">
        <glossterm>facultative reinsurance</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Coverage purchased by a primary insurer in which both the primary insurer and the
            reinsurer usually have the option to accept or reject an individual submission. See also
                <term keyref="gloss_treatyReinsurance"/>.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_fips">
        <glossterm>Federal Information Processing Standards</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Used to name states and counties in numerical format.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="FIPS">
                <glossAcronym>FIPS</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_finalNetLoss">
        <glossterm>final net loss</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Total event losses net of reinstatement premiums but not net of the initial
            program premium.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_financialPerspective">
        <glossterm>financial perspective</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The view of loss from an event, depending on whether losses are measured from the
            ground up or after the application of different insurance or reinsurance
            terms.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_financialTerms">
        <glossterm>financial terms</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The parameters, such as limits and deductibles, specified in an insurance policy
            that define the conditions under which the insurer will pay some or all the loss. These
            may be defined at various levels such as contract, layer, and location, and may apply to
            its entirety or to specific perils and/or coverages.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_flank">
        <glossterm>flank</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The side of a volcano.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_focalDepth">
        <glossterm>focal depth</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The vertical distance between where a fault rupture originates and the earth's
            surface.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_franchiseDeductible">
        <glossterm>franchise deductible</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The pre-occurrence loss threshold that must be reached before the contract loss
            will be paid. Also called <term>disappearing deductible</term>.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>


    <glossentry id="gloss_gdr">
        <glossterm>General Distribution Release</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A security update for the Microsoft SQL server.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>General Distribution Release (GDR)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="GDR">
                <glossAcronym>GDR</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>

    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_geocode">
        <glossterm>geocode</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The latitude and longitude values and the resolution associated with an individual
            risk used for modeling in catastrophe modeling.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_geojsonVectorFile">
        <glossterm>GeoJSON vector file</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A vector file format for encoding a variety of geographic data structures.
        </glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_gmlVectorfile">
        <glossterm>GML vector file</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A vector file format for encoding geometries or geometric characteristics of
            geographic objects.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_grossLoss">
        <glossterm>gross loss</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The total loss due to an event after applying limits, <term
                keyref="gloss_deductible">s</term>, and <term keyref="gloss_locationTerms"/> and
            before any excess reinsurance terms.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_grossParticipation">
        <glossterm>gross participation</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Specifies the percentage of the losses that the reinsurer will assume.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_groundUpLoss">
        <glossterm>ground-up loss</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The total loss due to an event before applying financial terms such as limits and
                <term keyref="gloss_deductible"/>s.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>ground-up loss (GU)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="GU">
                <glossAcronym>GU</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>


    <glossentry id="gloss_hazard">
        <glossterm>hazard</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A factor or condition that can increase or decrease the probability or severity of
            a loss from an insured peril (for example, proximity to the coast).</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_hpc">
        <glossterm>high performance computing</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Pertains to the use of the Microsoft© High Performance Computing server, which
            leverages a distributed computing environment that dramatically reduces run
            times.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>high performance computing (HPC)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="HPC">
                <glossAcronym>HPC</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_hist">
        <glossterm>historical catalog</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A collection of historical events for a broad area.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_histEvents">
        <glossterm>historical event</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A past occurrence of a natural or man-made disaster used as a reference point for
            modeling and predicting future events.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_histEventSet">
        <glossterm>historical event set</glossterm>
        <glossdef> A collection of historical events for one or more models.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_individualRiskModifier">
        <glossterm>individual risk modifier</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A peril.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>individual risk modifier (IRM)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="IRM">
                <glossAcronym>IRM</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>


    <glossentry id="gloss_industriaFacility">
        <glossterm>industrial facility module</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Identifies occupancy class codes used to define industrial facilities. Also called
            the <term>large industrial facility</term> module.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_industryExposureDatabase">
        <glossterm>industry exposure database</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A database of all insurable properties used for estimating potential industry
            insurance losses for specific geographical regions.
            <!-- do not use acronym IED as it can be mistaken for "incendiary explosive device"-->
        </glossdef>
        <glossBody/>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_industryInsurableLoss">
        <glossterm>industry-insurable loss</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A realistic loss estimate of all insurable properties. It can be calculated by
            running a detailed loss analysis against the industry exposure database.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_industryInsuredLoss">
        <glossterm>industry-insured loss</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The portion of the <term keyref="gloss_industryInsurableLoss"/> that is, or is
            assumed to be, insured. Insured losses include an estimate of the insurance take-up by
            area, subarea, and line of business.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_industryLossFile">
        <glossterm>industry loss file</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A file that contains net industry insurable losses after application of primary
            policies condition assumptions. These losses are grouped by event, geographic area, and
                <term keyref="gloss_lineOfBusiness"/>. </glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>industry loss file (ILF)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="ILF">
                <glossAcronym>ILF</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_industryLossMaximum">
        <glossterm>industry loss maximum</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The value above which occurrences are excluded from consideration. If the industry
            loss for a given occurrence is above the industry loss maximum value, then the loss
            value of the occurrence is set to zero.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_industryLossMinimum">
        <glossterm>industry loss minimum</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The value below which occurrences are excluded from consideration. If the industry
            loss for a given occurrence is below the industry loss minimum value, then the loss
            value of the occurrence is set to zero.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_industryLossTrigger">
        <glossterm>industry loss trigger</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Specifies the value above or below which occurrences are excluded from
            consideration based on the industry loss threshold for a given event.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_industryLossWarranties">
        <glossterm>industry loss warranties</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A type of reinsurance contract where one party will purchase protection based on
            total loss to the insurance industry arising from an event, rather than from their own
            losses.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>industry loss warranties (ILW)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="ILW">
                <glossAcronym>ILW</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_insurance">
        <glossterm>insurance</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Coverage by contract whereby one party undertakes to indemnify or guarantee
            another against loss by a specified contingency or peril.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_insurersCoinsur">
        <glossterm>insurers coinsurance</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The portion of the losses to the layer retained by the cedant.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_inure">
        <glossterm>inure</glossterm>
        <glossdef>To take effect for the benefit of either the reinsurer or the reinsured. For
            example, when layers are applied to reduce the loss to a given layer, those layers are
            said to inure to the benefit of the reinsurer of that layer.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_inuringLoss">
        <glossterm>inuring loss</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Inuring loss is the loss reduction applied to company loss after inuring programs
            and terms are invoked.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_inuringOrder">
        <glossterm>inuring order</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Contracts inure in series or in parallel (not both).</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_inuringProgram">
        <glossterm>inuring program</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Inuring reinsurance programs affect the amount of risk being transferred to or
            from the reinsured and which contract is affected.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>


    <glossentry id="gloss_InvestmentAmount">
        <glossterm>investment amount</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The monetary commitment associated with the bond/layer. For <term
                keyref="gloss_catBond"/> programs only.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_layer">
        <glossterm>layer</glossterm>
        <glossdef>An insurance or reinsurance contract with a limit and retention of
            cover.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_layerLimit">
        <glossterm>layer limit</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The amount of loss ceded to the insurer. This will usually be specified as an
            amount less than or equal to the replacement value. You can set the limit for individual
            locations or for an entire policy that covers multiple locations.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_layerStatus">
        <glossterm>layer status</glossterm>
        <glossdef>See <term keyref="gloss_programStatus"/></glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_layerTerms">
        <glossterm>layer terms</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Terms that apply to a <term keyref="gloss_layer"/>, such as the limit, retention,
            participation, percent placed, and application of <term keyref="gloss_lineOfBusiness"
                >LOBs</term> and geographies. </glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_locationTerms">
        <glossterm>location terms</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The limits and deductibles that apply to individual locations and
            risks.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_lineOfBusiness">
        <glossterm>line of business</glossterm>
        <glossdef>An attribute of a contract that describes the class of business. These can be
            user-defined or based on industry definitions such as residential, commercial, auto,
            etc.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>line of business (LOB)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="LOB">
                <glossAcronym>LOB</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_libor">
        <glossterm>London Interbank Offered Rate</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A benchmark rate that some of the world's leading banks charge each other for
            short-term loans.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="LIBOR">
                <glossAcronym>LIBOR</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_lossFile">
        <glossterm>loss file</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Loss files contain data generated to predict losses due to a particular
            catastrophe.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>


    <glossentry id="gloss_lossMarketShares">
        <glossterm>loss market share</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Company losses generated from a market share analysis on <keyword
                keyref="k_kw_verisk-company-name-abbrev"/> ALERT™ event sets by comparing company
            loss file losses with the <term keyref="gloss_industryLossFile">ILF</term> to estimate
            company market share.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_lossModFactor">
        <glossterm>loss modification factor</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A user-specified adjustment factor that applies to the ground-up losses for a
            single program.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>loss modification factor (LMF)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="LMF">
                <glossAcronym>LMF</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_lossOfUse">
        <glossterm>loss of use</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Time element related to the loss of a structure's functionality due to damage,
            lack of safety, or lack of access.
            <!--Loss of use is referred to as additional living
            expenses (ALE) for residential properties, and business interruption for other
            properties (including commercial, industrial, and others).--></glossdef>
    </glossentry>


    <glossentry id="gloss_magnitude">
        <glossterm>magnitude</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A measure of the energy released during an earthquake.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_mappingSet">
        <glossterm>mapping set</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A file that defines data mappings for policy, location, reinsurance, and step
            function import <filepath>.csv</filepath> files. </glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_marketLossWarranty">
        <glossterm>market loss warranty</glossterm>
        <glossdef>See <term keyref="gloss_industryLossMinimum"/></glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_marketShares">
        <glossterm>market shares</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The proportion of the industry written by a company, often expressed as
            percentages by line of business and area/subarea.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_marketTrendFactor">
        <glossterm>market trend factor</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A market trend factor is a user-specified adjustment factor that applies to the
            losses for a single program.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_matchLoss">
        <glossterm>match loss</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A program term associated with occurrence limit.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_msa">
        <glossterm>microservices architecture</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A software development approach in which single-function modules form the basis of
            the application or deliverable.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_minimumDeductible">
        <glossterm>minimum deductible</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The deductible that is applied if the coverage or site deductible is less than the
            specified minimum level.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_modelBuilder">
        <glossterm><keyword keyref="k_kw_air-product-name_mb-abbrev"/></glossterm>
        <glossdef>A <keyword keyref="k_kw_air-company-name-abbrev"/> software application that lets
            users create their own custom models and integrate non-<keyword
                keyref="k_kw_air-company-name-abbrev"/> models into <keyword
                keyref="k_kw_air-company-name-abbrev"/> applications.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_mixtureMethod">
        <glossterm>mixture method</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Methodology which combines losses using convolution and comonotonic
            distributions.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_mpci">
        <glossterm>Multiple Peril Crop Insurance</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Insurance focussed primarily on crop-related perils and losses.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>Multiple Peril Crop Insurance (MCPI)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="MPCI">
                <glossAcronym>MPCI</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_multiTenantCloud">
        <glossterm>multi-tenant cloud</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A cloud computing architecture that enables clients to share computing resources
            in a public or private cloud.
            <!--Each tenant's data is isolated and remains invisible to
            other tenants-->.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_multiYearResetDate">
        <glossterm>multi-year reset date</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Parameter to override program inception date.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_netLoss">
        <glossterm>net loss</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The loss after reinsurance treaties have been applied. See <term
                keyref="gloss_preCatNetLoss"/> and <term keyref="gloss_postCatNetLoss"/>.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_netParticipation">
        <glossterm>net participation</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The amount that the original reinsurer is responsible for in a <term
                keyref="gloss_layer"/>.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_netPrecat">
        <glossterm>net of pre-CAT</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The total loss generated after the application of all reinsurance treaties, except
            for <term keyref="gloss_catastropheExcessOfLoss"/> treaties.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_netRetainedLoss">
        <glossterm>net retained loss</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Losses retained by a ceding company (primary insurer) after netting out
            reinsurance contract losses and any associated inuring contract losses.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_ntlm">
        <glossterm>New Technology LAN Manager</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A suite of Microsoft security protocols intended to provide authentication,
            integrity, and confidentiality to users. </glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>New Technology LAN Manager (NTLM)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="ntlm">
                <glossAcronym>NTLM</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_nthEventCover">
        <glossterm>nth event cover</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Refers to cases where an insurance company is willing to absorb losses above the
            retention for the first <codeph>n-1</codeph> occurrences. </glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_numberOfRisks">
        <glossterm>number of risks</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The number of property exposures at risk. For workers' compensation exposures,
            this is the employee count.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_occupancy">
        <glossterm>occupancy</glossterm>
        <glossdef>An attribute that indicates how a property is used, such as
                    <b><parmname>single-family residence</parmname></b> or for <parmname>retail
                trade</parmname>. <!--<keyword keyref="k_kw_air-company-name-abbrev"/> models use
            occupancy codes in the damage functions that determine the degree of damage a location
            would experience in a catastrophic event.-->
        </glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_occurrenceLimit">
        <glossterm>occurrence limit</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The maximum loss that can be incurred by a <term keyref="gloss_layer"/> from a
            single occurrence.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_occurrenceLoss">
        <glossterm>occurrence loss</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The highest possible loss for the specified period from a single event.
            <!--The annual
            occurrence loss for a risk, a policy, a contract, or a company is the largest loss
            resulting from all events that occurred during a 12-month period.--></glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_occurrenceRetention">
        <glossterm>occurrence retention</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The value below which the <term keyref="gloss_layer"/> does not assume occurrence
            losses.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_on-premisesserver">
        <glossterm>on-premises server</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A server that is reserved for use by a single entity, such as a business, and that
            resides in a location managed by that entity.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_onlineHelp">
        <glossterm>online help</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Information and instructions available with a <keyword
                keyref="k_kw_air-company-name-abbrev"/> software application. </glossdef>
    </glossentry>


    <glossentry id="gloss_openExposureData">
        <glossterm>open exposure data</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A standard that provides the industry with a robust, open, and transparent data
            format with the aim of delivering a common framework for encoding, transmitting, and
            interpreting data.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>Open Exposure Data (OED)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="OED">
                <glossAcronym>OED</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_pandemic">
        <glossterm>pandemic</glossterm>
        <glossdef>An epidemic of infectious disease that has spread across a large region, multiple
            countries, continents, or worldwide.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_participation">
        <glossterm>participation</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The reinsurers' share of the portfolio.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>


    <glossentry id="gloss_percentCeded">
        <glossterm>percent ceded</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The ceded amount as a percentage.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_percentOfLossDeductible">
        <glossterm>percent of loss deductible</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A deductible calculated as the percentage of insured loss for the
            occurrence.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_percentPlaced">
        <glossterm>percent placed</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The percentage of the treaty placed with reinsurers.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_peril">
        <glossterm>peril</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A category of a catastrophic event that may cause loss and which an insurance
            policy might cover, such as earthquake shake, hurricane wind, hurricane storm surge, or
            terrorism. See <term keyref="gloss_secondaryPeril"/>.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_perilSet">
        <glossterm>peril set</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A combination of one or more <term keyref="gloss_peril">perils</term>.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_perspective">
        <glossterm>perspective</glossterm>
        <glossdef>In the catastrophe modeling world, a perspective specifies the terms that should
            apply to the loss results.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_perRisk">
        <glossterm>per risk</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A reinsurance program that applies retention and amount of reinsurance for each
            risk rather than on an aggregate or per-event basis.
            <!--This could apply to individual
            locations, layers, or policies and always applies after application of gross terms
            (location and policy limits and deductibles).--></glossdef>
    </glossentry>


    <glossentry id="gloss_pmfby">
        <glossterm>Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana </glossterm>
        <glossdef>A government-sponsored crop insurance scheme for India that integrates multiple
            stakeholders on a single platform.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana (PMFBY)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt>
                <glossAcronym>PMFBY</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_postCatNetLoss">
        <glossterm>post-CAT net loss</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The <term keyref="gloss_netLoss"/> after application of all reinsurance treaties,
            including <term keyref="gloss_xol">XOL</term> treaties. See also <term
                keyref="gloss_preCatNetLoss"/>.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_preCatNetLoss">
        <glossterm>pre-CAT net loss</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The <term keyref="gloss_netLoss"/> after application of all reinsurance treaties
            except for <term keyref="gloss_xol">CatXOL</term> treaties. See also <term
                keyref="gloss_postCatNetLoss"/>.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_premiums">
        <glossterm>premiums</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A premium type is used to view the loss results net of the reinsurance premium
            received for the contract. Reinsurance premiums apply to all program types except
            catastrophe bonds.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_primaryCharacteristics">
        <glossterm>primary characteristics</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The characteristics of a location that determine its risk of damage as a result of
            a specific peril. For example, occupancy type, construction type, year built, number of
            stories, replacement value, or latitude and longitude.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_primaryUncertainty">
        <glossterm>primary uncertainty</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Uncertainty in the event generation component of the model (the event catalog).
            Primary uncertainty has elements of epistemic/aleatory as well as model/parametric
            uncertainty.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_principalAmount">
        <glossterm>principal amount</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The principal amount associated with the bond/layer.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_probabilisticEvent">
        <glossterm>probabilistic event</glossterm>
        <glossdef>An event described by probable values for event characteristics.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_probAttachment">
        <glossterm>probability of attachment</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The probability (%) of a program/layer experiencing some loss.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_probExhaustion">
        <glossterm>probability of exhaustion</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The probability (%) of a program/layer experiencing a complete loss.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_projectTouchstone">
        <glossterm>project</glossterm>
        <glossdef>In <ph keyref="k_kw_air-product-name_touchstone"/>, a project is a folder where
            you can assemble navigational shortcuts to related exposure views and
            analyses.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_projections">
        <glossterm>projections</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Refers to map projections that are certified for use in <keyword
                keyref="k_kw_air-company-name-abbrev"> </keyword>applications.
            <!--These include Alberts Equal
            Area, Conic British National Grid, Lambert Azimuthal Equal-Area, Lambert Conformal
            Conic, NAD 1927 Contiguous USA Albers, Universal Transverse Mercator (UTM), and Web
            Mercator.--></glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_proportionalReinsurance">
        <glossterm>proportional reinsurance</glossterm>
        <glossdef>See <term keyref="gloss_quotaShare"/> and <term keyref="gloss_surplusShare"
            />.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_queryLanguage">
        <glossterm>query language</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A computer programming language that uses queries to request and retrieve data
            from databases and information systems.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_quotaShare">
        <glossterm>quota share</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A reinsurance program where the reinsurer is responsible for the same percentage
            of loss on each risk, regardless of the event or year. Also called <term>proportional
                reinsurance</term>.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>quota share (QS)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="QS">
                <glossAcronym>QS</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_rds">
        <glossterm>Lloyd's of London</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Among other things, the company that maintains <term
                keyref="gloss_realisticDisasterScenarios">realistic disaster
            scenarios</term>.</glossdef>

    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_realisticDisasterScenarios">
        <glossterm>realistic disaster scenarios</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Stress test scenarios defined by Lloyd’s of London. They are used to ensure that
            syndicates meet capacity requirements should an RDS occur.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>realistic disaster scenarios (RDS)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="RDS">
                <glossAcronym>RDS</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_reinstatements">
        <glossterm>reinstatements</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Specifies the number of times the <term keyref="gloss_occurrenceLimit"/> for the
            layer can be reinstated during the contract period.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_reinstatementPremium">
        <glossterm>reinstatement premium</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The cost to restore the insurance or reinsurance limit of a contract to its full
            amount after the insured or reinsured incurs a loss. The term principally relates to
            property catastrophe reinsurance contracts. </glossdef>

    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_reinsuranceContract">
        <glossterm>reinsurance contract</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A contract made between an insurance company and a reinsurer to protect the
            insurance company from losses. The contract provides for the reinsurer to pay for the
            loss sustained by the insurance company when it makes a payment on the original
            contract.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_reinsuranceProgram">
        <glossterm>reinsurance program</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A group of related <term keyref="gloss_reinsuranceContract">s</term> and
            layers.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_releaseToManufacturer">
        <glossterm>release to manufacturer</glossterm>
        <glossdef>An update for the Microsoft SQL server distributed to manufacturers before being
            distributed to the general public. </glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>Release to Manufacturer (RTM)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="RTM">
                <glossAcronym>RTM</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_replacementValue">
        <glossterm>replacement value</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The amount that the insured party would have to pay to replace the insured asset
            at the present time. Policy terms specify replacement value by location and by
            coverage.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_retainedLoss">
        <glossterm>retained loss</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Losses retained by the insurer.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_returnPeriod">
        <glossterm>return period</glossterm>
        <glossdef>In terms of <term keyref="gloss_exceedanceProbability"/>, return period is the
            estimated likelihood of a loss of a given size occurring within a given time
            frame.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_reverseMarketLossWarranty">
        <glossterm>reverse market loss warranty</glossterm>
        <glossdef>See <term keyref="gloss_industryLossMaximum"/></glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_riftZone">
        <glossterm>rift zone</glossterm>
        <glossdef>An area where a volcano is rifting or splitting apart. Rock in a rift zone has
            many cracks and is relatively weak.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_riskLimit">
        <glossterm>risk limit</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The treaty limit for a single risk or layer. The risk limit value applies only to
            treaties of the per-risk treaty
            type<!-- and must be a numeric value between 0 and
            99,999,999,999,999-->.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_riskRetention">
        <glossterm>risk retention</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The value below which the total losses are not assumed by the layer. Risk
            retention applies only to treaties of the per-risk treaty type<!-- and must be a numeric
            value between 0 and 99,999,999,999,999. If the field is left blank, this specifies no
            risk retention and the value is not considered in analyses-->. </glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_ruptureLength">
        <glossterm>rupture length</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The span of the fault that slips during an earthquake.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_secondaryPeril">
        <glossterm>secondary peril</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A secondary effect of a primary <term keyref="gloss_peril"/> peril, such as
            earthquake sprinkler linkage.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_secondaryRiskCharacteristics">
        <glossterm>secondary risk characteristics</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Features of a structure or its environment that affect resistance to damage and
            modify the base vulnerability functions for a specific peril (also known as <term
                keyref="gloss_individualRiskModifier"/>). </glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>secondary risk characteristics (SRC)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="SRC">
                <glossAcronym>SRC</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_secondaryUncertainty">
        <glossterm>secondary uncertainty</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Uncertainty associated with the damage and loss estimation should a given event
            occur.
            <!--Secondary uncertainty has elements of epistemic/aleatory as well as
            model/parametric uncertainty.--></glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_sid">
        <glossterm>sequential identifier</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Identifier used in database implementation for unique identification of a
            record.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>Sequential Identifier (SID)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="SID">
                <glossAcronym>SID</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_soa">
        <glossterm>service-oriented architecture</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A component-based, modular, and extensible platform for building
            applications.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>Service-oriented architecture (SOA)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="SOA">
                <glossAcronym>SOA</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_shapeFiles">
        <glossterm>shapefiles</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A simple, non-topological vector format for storing the geometric location and
            attribute information of geographic features.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_singleTenant">
        <glossterm>single-tenant</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A cloud application and infrastructure environment that serves a single
            client.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_saas">
        <glossterm>software as a service</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A software licensing model in which access to the software is provided on a
            subscription basis, with the software being located on external servers rather than on
            servers located in-house. </glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>Software as a Service (SaaS)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="SAAS">
                <glossAcronym>SAAS</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_sourceProgram">
        <glossterm>source program</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A source program (parent) associated with a subject program (child).</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_spatialCorrelation">
        <glossterm>spatial correlation</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The extent to which the losses at two locations behave similarly due to their
            spatial proximity.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_spotFac">
        <glossterm>spot fac</glossterm>
        <glossdef>An insurance industry term short for individual location-level (spot) facultative
            (fac) reinsurance. See <term keyref="gloss_facultativeReinsurance"/>.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_svf">
        <glossterm>SQLite vector file</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A database that stores vector files, which are numerical representations of data
            that capture the semantic meaning of text, images, and other data types.
            <!--Vector
            files can be imported into and displayed by <keyword
                keyref="k_kw_air-company-name-abbrev"/> applications which support import of SQLite
            vector files (.sqlite) as map layers and multi-table SQLite. You can import the
            following geometry types, where polygons are imported as polygon objects, lines as
            lines, and points as points. <ul>
                <li>Polygon</li>
                <li>Line</li>
                <li>Point</li>
                <li>Multi-polygon</li>
                <li>Multi-line</li>
                <li>Multi-point</li>
            </ul> You can import projected SQLite files.--></glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_standardHurricaneCatalog">
        <glossterm>standard hurricane catalog</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A <ph keyref="k_kw_air-company-name-abbrev"/> catalog of events that reflects
            hurricane risk under average climate conditions.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_sra">
        <glossterm>standard reinsurance agreement </glossterm>
        <glossdef>An agreement for federal crop insurance that consists of a set of contracts
            between the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) and private companies. The contracts
            identify expense reimbursements and risk-sharing by the government on eligible
            crops.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>Standard Reinsurance Agreement (SRA)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="SRA">
                <glossAcronym>SRA</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_startingEvent">
        <glossterm>starting event</glossterm>
        <glossdef>An integer value that indicates at which event during the year the <term
                keyref="gloss_layerTerms"/> are to become effective.
            <!--The starting event # provides the capability to analyze Nth Event
            Covers. Only events that could potentially produce reinsurer losses are counted toward
            the Starting Event #.--></glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_programStatus">
        <glossterm>status</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Refers to the status of the program or layer. Common status types include:
            Submitted (default), Authorized, Bound, Cancelled, Quoted, Rejected, and for cat bonds,
            Investment Status.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_stc">
        <glossterm>stochastic catalog</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Series of simulated events based on one or more stochastic models over a period of
            time. Stochastic catalogs can be used when running a loss analysis.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>stochastic catalog (STC)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="STC">
                <glossAcronym>STC</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_stochasticEvent">
        <glossterm>stochastic event</glossterm>
        <glossdef>An event whose characteristics are obtained from probability distributions in the
            historical catalog.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_stochasticmodel">
        <glossterm>stochastic model</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A tool for estimating probability distributions of potential outcomes by allowing
            for random variation in one or more inputs over time.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_sql">
        <glossterm>structured query language (SQL)</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A programming language for storing and processing information in a relational
            database. https://aws.amazon.com/what-is/sql/</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_sublimit">
        <glossterm>sublimit</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A type of layer condition that applies to a subset of locations within a policy.
            Sublimits are often used in high-hazard areas to limit losses for locations that fall
            within them.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_sumsInsured">
        <glossterm>sums insured</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The maximum amount that an insurance company insurance company is obligated to
            cover in the event of a covered loss.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>sums insured (SI)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="SI">
                <glossAcronym>SI</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_surplusShare">
        <glossterm>surplus share</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A reinsurance program where the reinsurer is responsible for the same size of loss
            on each risk, regardless of the event or year.</glossdef>
        <glossBody/>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_tailValueAtRisk">
        <glossterm>tail value at risk (TVaR)</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Measures the average of all simulated losses from a percentile or return period on
            the loss distribution through the full "tail" of the loss distribution.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>tail value at risk (TVaR)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="TVaR">
                <glossAcronym>TVaR</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>

    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_takeUpRates">
        <glossterm>take-up rate</glossterm>
        <glossdef>
            <p>The percentage of insurable properties actually insured.</p>
        </glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_target">
        <glossterm>target</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A company loss set or an exposure set.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_timeDependentCatalog">
        <glossterm>time-dependent catalog</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A catalog of probabilistic events that assumes that the annual probability of a
            characteristic earthquake occurring on a fault increases with the time elapsed since the
            previous such earthquake.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_timeElement">
        <glossterm>time element</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Loss of use of a structure over time because due to damage, lack of safety, or
            lack of access. Loss of use is referred to as <term id="gloss_additionaLivingExpenses"
                >additional living expenses</term> for residential properties, and business
            interruption for other properties (including commercial, industrial, and others).
        </glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_timeIndependentCatalog">
        <glossterm>time-independent catalog</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A catalog of probabilistic events that assumes that the annual probability of a
            characteristic earthquake occurring on a fault within a given time period is independent
            of when the last such earthquake occurred and, therefore, requires only knowledge of the
            mean recurrence time. Compare with <term keyref="gloss_timeDependentCatalog"
            />.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_totalInsuredValue">
        <glossterm>total insured value</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The minimum of the <term keyref="gloss_totalReplacementValue"/> or the limit minus
            the deductible. If no layer or policy terms are defined, location values, limits, and
            deductibles are used. </glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>total insured value (TIV)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt>
                <glossAcronym>TIV</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_totalReplacementValue">
        <glossterm>total replacement value</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The sum of the replacement values for all coverages.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>


    <glossentry id="gloss_treatyID">
        <glossterm>treaty ID</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A unique identifier provided by the user when creating a program.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_treatyInfo">
        <glossterm>treaty information</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Program details.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_treatyReinsurance">
        <glossterm>treaty reinsurance</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Coverage purchased by a primary insurer in which the reinsurer must cover any risk
            that falls within a specified line, class, or book of business. See also <term
                keyref="gloss_facultativeReinsurance"/>.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_treatyTerms">
        <glossterm>treaty term</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Characteristics used to define a reinsurance program.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_triggers">
        <glossterm>trigger</glossterm>
        <glossdef>
            <p>The mechanism used to determine when payouts must be made. Triggers define company
                and industry loss parameters and take into consideration the defined geographic
                region.</p>
        </glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_ujf">
        <glossterm>underwriting judgement factor (UJF)</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A UJF is a user-defined adjustment factor that applies to ceding company program
            losses.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_unicede">
        <glossterm>UNICEDE</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Universal Cession Electronic Data Exchange (UNICEDE) is a globally accepted open
            data format developed by <keyword keyref="k_kw_air-company-name-abbrev"/> to standardize
            insurance data exchange.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>UNICEDE</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="UNICEDE">
                <glossAcronym>UNICEDE</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_ulf">
        <glossterm>user-generated loss file</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A loss file whose content must adhere to <keyword
                keyref="k_kw_air-company-name-abbrev"/>'s loss file format guidelines.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>user-generated loss file (ULF)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="ulf">
                <glossAcronym>ULF</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_unit">
        <glossterm>unit</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A control that enables you to specify the order of magnitude at which you want to
            view monetary figures.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_unc">
        <glossterm>universal naming convention</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A standard for identifying servers, printers, and other resources on a network,
            allowing a consistent access to these resources across different systems.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>Universal Naming Convention (UNC)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="UNC">
                <glossAcronym>UNC</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_udc">
        <glossterm>user-defined category</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A category which allow you to classify companies and programs using criteria that
            are meaningful and useful to your specific needs.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>user-defined categories (UDC)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="udc">
                <glossAcronym>UDC</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>

    <glossentry id="gloss_vectorFiles">
        <glossterm>vector files</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Files that contain numerical representations of data that capture the semantic
            meaning of text, images, and other data types. See <term keyref="gloss_svf"
            >.</term></glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_warmSeaSurfaceTemp">
        <glossterm>warm sea surface temperature</glossterm>
        <glossdef>
            <p>The elevated temperature of the ocean's surface, typically measured in the upper few
                meters. Warm SSTs are crucial in influencing weather patterns, particularly in the
                formation and intensification of tropical cyclones, hurricanes, and typhoons. </p>
        </glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>warm sea surface temperature (WSST)</glossSurfaceForm>
            <glossAlt id="WSST">
                <glossAcronym>WSST</glossAcronym>
            </glossAlt>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_warmSeaSurfaceTempCatalog">
        <glossterm>warm sea surface temperature catalog</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A catalog of events based on elevated sea surface temperatures.
            <!--Because surface
            temperature variability in the Atlantic Ocean affects hurricane activity, the <keyword
                keyref="k_kw_air-models_us-hu"/> offers a <term id="gloss_warmSeaSurfaceTemp">warm
                sea surface temperature</term> catalog in addition to the standard catalog to
            represent multiple credible views of risk.--></glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gloss_worldScenariosEvents">
        <glossterm><keyword keyref="k_kw_air-terminology_world-scenarios"/> event set</glossterm>
        <glossdef>
            <p>Event sets that represent low or very low probability disaster scenarios. See <term
                    keyref="gloss_realisticDisasterScenarios">Realistic Disaster Scenarios
                    (RDS)</term>, <term keyref="gloss_eds">Extreme Disaster Scenarios (EDS)</term>,
                and <term keyref="gloss_warmSeaSurfaceTempCatalog">Warm Sea Surface Temperature
                    (WSST) catalog</term>.</p>
        </glossdef>
    </glossentry>












</glossgroup>
